right kids just before you go there's a
brilliant idea in the air that I'd like
to run by you
now it's called 10/10 the idea is
everyone starts cutting their carbon
emissions by 10% thus keeping the planet
safe for everyone eventually this hasn't
got to be a huge thing but I would love
it if you and your families would think
about doing something what sort of thing
miss like getting your dad to insulate
the loft or taking your next holiday by
train instead of flying or buying
energy-saving light bulbs we're thinking
of using our car less okay cycle school
that's fantastic Jemima no no pressure
at all but it'd be great to get a sense
of how many of you might do this just
rough percentage that's fantastic and
those not Phillip and Tracy fine that's
absolutely fine your own choice okay
class thank you so much for today and I
will see you all tomorrow
everybody please remember to read
chapters five and six on volcanoes and
glaciation
except you Phillip and Tracy of course
right just want to check on that 10:10
thing had some brilliant ideas from lots
of you how the firm can cut down
emissions by 10% just quick show of
hands everyone who wants to get involved
great that's that's nearly everybody and
yeah just the record new pressure those
who aren't quite convinced about it yet
cool it's no problem
your choice okay so those of you
planning something here at home should
probably get working on it and out
gorgeous
those of you who aren't
excellent great weekend everyone
well hello everyone it's great to be
back here at Spurs so many happy
memories for me anyway
tell me something what is this 10:10
thing the club is doing well it means
that we're trying to cut our carbon
emissions by 10% this year and Tottenham
Hotspur Football Club was the first to
sign up we've changed the floodlights at
White Hart Lane
so no low-energy lots our fans are
coming to matches on buses trains bikes
and stuff rather than coming by Carlton
I see whatever I wouldn't do it he seems
like distraction from football to me
let's just follow David we don't have to
journey just ignore it no pressure
ten ten hundreds of thousands of people
schools businesses hospitals movie stars
knitting circles Scout troops presidents
and governments all tackling climate
change in more than 40 countries
care to join us no pressure is that okay
it sounded great to me thanks Gillian so
what are you thinking of doing for 10
turn yourself what are you kidding me
I thought that by doing this voiceover
that was my contribution right no
absolutely no pressure okay Froy thank
you